Get params of stable-diffusion and ldm from prompt file (#66)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: llm_bench/python/README.md

python ./benchmark.py -m models/llama-2-7b-chat/pytorch -d CPU --torch_compile_backend openvino
```

## Additional Resources

> ### 1. [!NOTE]
> > If you encounter `model conversion issues`, please check **[NOTES.md](./doc/NOTES.md)** which provides solutions to the known errors.
> ### 2. [Image generation]
> > If you need to set parameters for image generation, you need to prepare a prompt file, please check **[IMAGE_GEN.md](./doc/IMAGE_GEN.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. NOTE
> If you encounter any errors, please check **[NOTES.md](./doc/NOTES.md)** which provides solutions to the known errors.
### 2. Image generation
> If you need to set parameters for image generation, you need to prepare a prompt file, please check **[IMAGE_GEN.md](./doc/IMAGE_GEN.md)**
```
